Want to try it on?
Nice! Can I play a song for you, too?
Mr. S also plays the piano
Learned for a while
Grandpa, this song is for you
Grandpa is 7 years old
I finally had a chance
Standing by your side upright
I'll give you this bullet
Why can I learn from his piano music?
Feel deep love
Obviously we just met
grandfather
Mr. Su, have we met before?
While in college
I once liked a girl
But in his eyes, there is only one other boy
So
I can only bury this love deep in my heart
Accompany him for him
I passed up the opportunity to study abroad
Learned his favorite piano
And I wrote him a lot of music.
I didn't get a chance to play it for him until today.
What does Siye Chen mean?
Has he always liked me?
How is that possible?